So, I have a childhood that's pretty similar to many military people that
I meet. When I was young, my parents divorced. My father, he was
in the army. So I didn't see him that much. I lived with my mother
for a long time. We moved from state to state. I lived in Washington
for a while, I lived in Alabama for a while. Eventually, I moved back
with my father instead of my mother, in California. So, I have actually
seen a lot of America, thanks to their divorce. Eventually, I
graduated from high school and after high school, me and my father
we didn't really get along so I broke away from him and a couple of
years afterwards I realized that I needed some kind of jobs help me
with my finances, help me, you know find some kind of direction in life.
So, that's when I joined the US Navy Reserve and the US Navy.